Dangling indices documentation (#58751)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/dangling-indices-list.asciidoc

[[dangling-indices-list]]
=== List dangling indices API
++++
<titleabbrev>List dangling indices</titleabbrev>
++++

Lists dangling indices.

[[dangling-indices-list-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
GET /_dangling
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

[[dangling-indices-list-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

// tag::dangling-index-description[]
If {es} encounters index data that is absent from the current cluster

> state, those indices are considered to be dangling. For example, copying a

Reviewer: Let's not suggest this is a thing you might want to do :grin:

```suggestion
state, those indices are considered to be dangling. For example,
```

> data directory between clusters, or deleting more than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this can happen if you delete more than
```

`cluster.indices.tombstones.size` indices while an {es} node is offline.
// end::dangling-index-description[]

> This API lets you find such indices, which you can then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this API to list dangling indices, which you can then
```

<<dangling-index-import,import>> or <<dangling-index-delete,delete>>.

[[dangling-indices-list-api-example]]
==== {api-examples-title}

> The API returns a response in the following shape:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API returns the following response:
```
